# Assignment
Thomas Cronin (C15529497).
I started off with the jet. I created the jet using pshape and the grid the jet sits on is created by two for loops. The transmission above the jet is a line drawn every time draw() is called with a random y value. When it reaches the end of the rectangle, the rectangle is filled black. The targeting system is two sets of lines that change with an if statement that uses framecount. Airpressure bars go up using a counter and when it reaches the top the bar is filled black.
Fuel bars go down using a counter, when it hits a certain bar a notification will pop up with a button to land (Which refuels the fuel bar). The off button turns the screen black, re-setting fuel, transmission, targeting, airpressure and the radar. The on button calls all the classes. The plus sign increases the speed and also makes the targeting image faster. The minus makes the targeting image slower. Radar was made using trigonometry. Missiles button is used to navigate to the missiles page. It creates a black rectangle 2 thirds the size of thee page, to allow the missiles to be drawn. I used pshape to draw the two missiles. The missiles turn red when the launch button underneath the missile is clicked. The map has two enemies highlighted as red. When an enemy and a missile are clicked, the enemy disappears and a notification appears saying enemy has been hit. The main screen button brings the user back to the main screen. The missile page still has the airpressure, fuel and targeting. I did this by filling a rectangle 2 thirds of the width, to keep the airpressure, fuel and targeting the same.

Youtube video: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nPGme9YBesE&feature=youtu.be
